MON-182576-fix-cma-custom-scripts (#4615)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/getting-started/how-to-guides/cma/cma-custom.md

      /<path>/<to>/custom_script.sh
      ```

> 2. Associate this command to "Centreon Monitoring Agent" Connector (Connectors field).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Associate this command with the **Centreon Monitoring Agent** connector (**Connectors** field).
```
